= GTranslator

Plugin for Firefox which allows to translate text simply having selected it. 
It's written with {Jetpack}[https://jetpack.mozillalabs.com/] so it doesn't require browser restart. 
Plugin uses {Google Translate}[http://translate.google.com/] service so it doesn't even need to know your source language (it's automatically detected).

= Installation

Install {Jetpack}[https://jetpack.mozillalabs.com/install.html]. 
Open provided gtranslator.html and click newly appeared "Install" button.

= Configuration

After installation go to "about:jetpack", "Installed Features" and "settings" near "Google translator plugin".
Choose appropriate language from drop-down list.

= Usage

Just select a text and you'll see a pop-up message with selected fragment as caption and translation as a message body.

= TODO

* Improve usability of settings manipulation.

= LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2010 Taras Tsugriy 

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
